EIP-4626: Remove 165, 712 and add 2612 (#4770)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4626.md

This specification has similar security considerations to the ERC-20 interface.

> Fully permissionless use cases could fall prey to malicious implementations which only conform to the interface but not the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fully permissionless use cases could fall prey to poorly written implementations which only conform to the interface but not the specification of how shares should be treated.
```
